now cain is someone who's going to be
back working with the tardis but more
than just with his family he's going to
be working with mecca the new connect as
we saw during multiple scenes in this
trailer and there's going to be a hell
of a lot of gunfire a lot of action and
a lot more of the streets and kane is
definitely going to be catching a lot
more bodies this season that's for sure
so we're going to look at kane being
back in with the tahardas and teaming up
with mecca but how this could change the
dynamics if and when lorenzo is released
from prison as well because this whole
tardis split that's been teased in
lorenzo's character description will
change completely if he does get
released but we're gonna look at braden
and his loyalty as well after he told us
that he loved it when he was out
on the corners in season one and by the
looks of this trailer for season two he
really is gonna be in the game a lot
more this coming season and i think in
more ways than one we saw him finding
out that jabari is dead and he's not
stupid he'll know that tariq and kane
are involved as well as being battered
and bruised so he's definitely been in a
fight of some sort and gonna be in the
game a lot more this season and whether
we could see him dropping his first body
in powerbook 2 ghost this is one of the
questions that we're going to answer
later on in this video so we're going to
be talking all things brayden in the
second part of this video as well as
some of the comments from the actors
that they've teased from what's coming
from their characters but of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already do remember to
smash the subscribe button if you don't
see everything powerbook 2 ghost and
power universe related but let's start
with kane and what we're going to see
from him and after the trailer was
released deadline released some more
news on what we can expect with this
character and on kane in two weeks
relationship they said tariq is
desperately playing all his cards right
now desperately trying to figure out a
way out of this mess he's lying to both
monet and kane both who would kill him
with little hesitation and avid watchers
will know that kane is more widely with
his pistol than his mom and he's got a
lot more to lose and this definitely
backs up with what we saw in the trailer
with kane we saw him off the leash and
with tariq he told him that he
definitely doesn't want to go down for
all this that's going down our
stance field with jabari and tariq told
him don't worry he's got everything
under control but as the article from
deadline told us kane is someone who is
definitely not afraid to kill those who
are a threat to him because he
definitely won't go down easily and he
definitely won't go down without a fight
the way they portrayed his character in
season one when he had his back against
the wall when him and drew were being
chased by a cop after he popped off our
little gop's place told us everything we
need to know about who kane is and what
he's willing to do to protect himself
and his family he's described his
character going into season two as
someone who puts his family first even
if it means shooting a cop or killing
tariq if it means staying our prison
which we all know he ain't gonna kill
tariq of course but he'll do anything to
protect himself and his family although
in season one he didn't exactly portray
himself as someone who's family first
when guap attacked zeke who's the most
prized asset for the taharis because
he's their way out of the game and
instead of killing guap like drew told
him to do he kept him alive for his own
benefit he was then kicked out by monet
because of him ordering the hit on tariq
which put zeke in danger in the first
place and he even killed ramirez in a
rage just proving monet's point with her
throwing him out in the first place and
he's definitely gonna have a lot of
convincing to do in season two to prove
that he's family first especially with
drew and diana cain can be very reckless
at times just like when he killed
ramirez and we'll probably see a few
reckless moves from him because that's
the nature of his character but i do
hope to see him being a bit more over
control this coming season as he's given
a second chance with monet and working
with mecca too and he really will be a
savage this season the actor who plays
monet teased his character a while back
saying kane is off the chain he's a real
savage moon is not afraid of him but
everybody else is and throughout this
trailer we saw multiple scenes where
kane was locked and loaded and ready for
a gunfight and he's someone as we know
is not afraid to pull the trigger so i
do think he's going to be someone who
catches a lot of bodies over the coming
season and someone he should have
dropped was let go up and he may realize
that he should have killed him after
guap causes more chaos for the tahardas
so this is someone he could very well
come up against at some point in season
two but we also saw a little bit of how
mecca fits into all of this as well the
teaser that was released about a month
or so ago showed us this image where
cain was putting his knife on this
unknown character with mecca who gives
him the knife and touch him to gut this
person open whoever this is so we're
gonna see kane working with mecca
closely when it comes to their business
when it comes to their battles in the
streets and when it comes to their
family as well because mecca is going to
be in bed with monet from his character
description we've learned that he has a
plan for the taharis beyond the game so
he's got another motive for the tardis
all together but we don't know where his
end game is just yet for the tardis and
i'm sure as the season starts to unravel
we start to learn more about who he is
what connection he had with the tahardas
apart from what we know from the trailer
and his character description for
example could he be connected with
lorenzo such as being his brother
because they do look very similar and
with lorenzo for someone who's been up
to a series regular for season two i was
actually surprised we never got more
from him in the trailer there was
literally just one very small quick
scene where we saw lorenzo which was
this but i do think they're keeping us
waiting for what's to come for his
character and i don't think they want to
give too much away because i still think
he's going to be released at some point
this season and it's going to shift the
dynamics for the tada family because as
i said he's been up to a series regular
and how much of a role can you really
play as a series regular in prison so
it's definitely going to shift the
dynamics for kane as well because keynes
back in working with the tardis and
working with mecca but what's going to
happen if and when lorenzo is released
are we going to see a battle of lorenzo
versus mecca in the streets for control
because you can bet that lorenzo won't
be happy that mecca's showing money a
different side of the world and having a
different vision plan for the tahara
family beyond their family business
lorenzo is someone who likes to run
things his way just like how we told
moani to go and get kane back on side
because they need him back we're going
to see monet accepting kane back into
the family very early on and how he
wants drew to take over the family
business and not kane but how lorenzo is
going to react to losing control over
his family that's something that's not
going to go down well it's going to be a
battle we're definitely going to see in
my opinion at some point and it may not
be something we see until the end of
season 2 and i can see them building
this up into season 3 where we could see
a war between lorenzo and mecca but
sticking with kane for a moment and
coming to braden this is a team i do
think we'll see and something that i
think they've already foreshadowed in
the first season with what we saw from
them in episode 6. kane took both
braeden and his brother trace when he
came looking for tariq he threw them
both on a corner reach and kane knows
that brayden is someone who's able to
handle himself and you could tell he
definitely took a liking to braden so i
do think we'll see kane and braden
working together at some point in season
two so brayden is definitely gonna be in
the game a lot more in this season as a
few of the quick flashes in the trailer
shoulders but will braden catch his
first body in power that's the question
i asked at the beginning of this video
now i really wouldn't be too
disappointed if he didn't because i do
think we're going to see a lot of
character development from him this
season especially because he's someone
who relishes being in the game and he
wants to carve out his own path rather
than have his parents give him one just
like he said to tariq he earned this
money it was his not his parents and i
made reference to him having to take his
own brother out a year ago to prove his
loyalty to possibly kane or tariq and
the promo images now being released soon
after the trailer aired had braydon's
face with the word loyalty so i do think
loyalty is going to be big with braden
this season for example will he remain
loyal to tariq and effie possibly kanan
the tardis too and how will he show this
loyalty in tough situations that he's
going to face in the streets for example
if his brother tres can't keep his
master and cain asked him to deal with
his brother wherever was braden's
loyalty lie at that moment and traces
one of my death predictions going into
season two of power because i think he's
someone who likes zeke we struggle to
keep his mouth shut when he's put under
pressure he's not built for the streets
and he's definitely not built for the
game so he'll definitely be a problem
for the tardis and tariq and if he's a
problem for them then he's a problem for
braden too and i still think there's
every chance that braden could be tasked
with taking out his own brother from
someone like kane to show his loyalty
but that's just a rundown with what we
saw from kane and braden in the trailer
with how we're gonna see him cash in a
few bodies this season as expected his
team up with mecca and the dilemma if
lorenzo is released from prison so drop
all your thoughts on kane working with
mecca and his character going into
season two and drop your predictions for
braden and how do you think he's gonna
handle being involved in the streets a
lot more in season two as well drop all
your thoughts and predictions down below
and of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything powerbook 2
ghost and power universe related but as
always thank you guys for watching and
i'll see you
next time